---
layout: post
title:  "First week in San Francisco with Lab80"
date:   2014-07-23 18:00:00
categories: SF internship lab80
---

After a month in Seoul I finally moved to San Francisco, the heart of all successful startups, the mecca of star developers. Although I had had chances to come to the States a couple of times for breaks during my military service in Korea, it felt different when I landed in the SFO airport this time. Aside from anything else, even feeling the cool breeze of San Francisco was a luxury I couldn’t even think of two years ago. I felt immensely grateful for Lab80 for accommodating me and wanted to give back as much as possible to really shape Hello Money into its final state. At the same time, I thought this one month in San Francisco might be one of the most important times for myself too. Since I will start my own startup like Lab80 before reaching 30, this will be the prime time for me to meet all the great-minded, inspiring entrepreneurs in Bay area and learn from them their attitudes toward life and what adversities they had to endure to deliver something of value to people. While I can code in my dorm room, this time in San Francisco might be my only chance to meet such people and talk to them in person. It really is all about balancing between delivering as much as I possibly can for Lab80 and getting the best out of town for myself. However, now that I am thinking while I am writing this diary, the two might not be so exclusive. I am growing faster than ever as a developer while working alongside Michael, and networking with people also might help Lab80 recruit talents or publicize more easily later. I will try hard next week to learn how to keep the balance between the two goals or even better,to see if there is a way to make them mutually benefitting. 7 days past, 25 days left. Let’s make it worthwhile..

[Picture]({{ site.url }}/assets/michael_and_me_20140724.jpg)